Zeonsilt - was named Haschen in HoW.
Lottey - was Lily in HoW
Miranda - was Mira in HoW
S-Class Mission - was called "Priority 1 Mission" in HoW
Dragon Vein - was called "Ley Line" in HoW
Randall - it's Randy in JP version. Using Randall just for personal preference
Zero Cell - it's called "#1 Cell" in JP version but I'll keep it Zero Cell


[
1) Region data
	1-1) Continent
		1-1-1) Esgrentz continent
				Continent centered on Fomeros, Hingistan, and Jewarl countries.
				It is center of the activities of Monopolis corporation.
		1-1-2) Sealed continent "Goatland"
				Other names, "scapegoat land" and "closed-off continent". 
				There is a barrier around the ocean of the continent. 
				There is no current accurate record of how the barrier came to be.
				From the legends left in various lands, there was a world-scale battle 2000 years ago, a great disaster was enclosed in the continent and sealed so that it could not leave.
				And therefore from the sacrifices of the people living on that continent, we currently have peace.
				From the folklore of "scapegoats", it became called "Goatland" since an unknown time.
				In recent years there has been observation of the barrier faltering, so there is possibility that it will eventually be cleared.
				If there are people living on Goatland, then there will be an untapped market there.
				Not only Monopolis group, enterprises around the world will be aiming for Goatland's market.
	1-2) Country
		1-2-1) Jewarl
				In the continent's northeast, Jewarl is crossed by a mountain range and divides north and south.
				In south Jewarl where Monopolis is, here is Makinus and Dastis. 
				In north Jewarl there are metropolises.
		1-2-2) Hingistan
				Nation with monarchical system by Hingistan royal family.
				Due to one part of the authority figures obtaining profits, the difference between rich and poor is steep.
				There is a terrorist organization aiming to strike down the Hingistan royal family.
				To control the Terrorist movements, Hingistan army pressure becomes tight, Terrorists inflict more damage on people, and it becomes a vicious circle.
				A few days ago the first prince died in battle. Furthermore, the second prince has gone missing since a few years ago.
		1-2-3) Fomeros
				To suppress the conflict in Hingistan, Fomeros participates in war with Hingistan in the name of protecting the citizens.
				Currently their objective is to release the citizens from the despotism of the Hingistan royal family, and war between them continues.
				One theory is that Fomeros is aiming after the mines in Hingistan, and certainly looking at the Fomeros army formations, one may assert so.
	1-3) City
		1-3-1) Makinus
				Port city in south Jewarl. It is mostly consisted of Monopolis connections, and under the guard of Monopolis troops, it is managed by its own order.
				It is an important source of finances for Jewarl country, and the country does not proactively intervene.
				Also, it is model city of Monopolis' new technology, and is the most unpolluted city in the world.
		1-3-2) Dastis
				City situated northeast of Makinus in Jewarl country.
				Although within the country they are on equal scale, because they do not bring in technology from Monopolis, the soil suffers contamination from pollution.
		1-3-3) El Hingis
				Capital of Hingistan kingdom, due to its position in the continent's furthest south it is difficult for other countries to attack it.
				Land of abundant ocean resources, it also exports unique fruits and vegetation from the subtropics climate.
		1-3-4) Leystan
				Hingistan's north city. Developed commerce with Fomeros and Jewarl.
				When attacked by other countries it geographically serves as a defense position, but from result of successive damage by Terrorists, currently Fomeros army has occupied it.
				Terrorist damage continues after that and Fomeros army is suffering the real damage.
		1-3-5) Schizarz
				Fishing village at furthest east Hingistan. It is not a big city, but it is allies with Monopolis, and there is a mutual relation.
				There are periodic boats traveling between us.
		1-3-6) Royferon
				City at country's east border of Fomeros. It is window of trade with Hingistan.
				However, due to war status with Hingistan, insufficiency of goods seems to be becoming a serious problem.
2) Personnel data
	2-1) Merklich
		Employee Number - TMR003
		Data absent
	2-2) Wendy
		Employee Number - MWR645
		Entered company April last year
		Produces excellent results from research time, holds high hopes for future.
		Has acquired "Heat Haze Spearmastery".
	2-3) Shuweizer
		Employee Number - STMR002
		First son of current Monopolis commander.
		Responsible for special sect Red Wolf unit.
	2-4) Shayer
		In charge of training Shuweizer until a few years ago.
		Her merit is highly regarded, she is sole company manager.
	2-5) Maxwell
		Employee Number - MM413
		Record deleted.
3) Other data
	3-1) Red Wolf unit
		Alias of a special sect of guard troops.
		The special unit does not perform ordinary policing, its main duty is to proactively remove things that are disadvantageous to the corporation.
		One sect performs actual work, the second obtains information so that the first can perform actions.
		Also, members of the special sect do not wear uniforms but were their own attire.
	3-2) Market expansion plan
		Due to current markets having no hope of further expansion, we are looking for a new market in a new continent.
		The barrier on the sealed continent Goatland has been weakening in recent years and it is predicted to break soon.
	3-3) Soil pollution purification plan
		From Pollumine, a magical plant that we developed, soil pollution from factory waste can be purified.
		Pollumine absorbs contamination matter from the soil and stores it inside its fruits.
		Due to that, the fruits are harmful.
		The collected fruits are safely disposed of in our processing facilities.
		Because Pollumine seeds are expensive, there are many cities that do not introduce it.
4) Retrieve most recent looked up data history
5) Finish lookup